# Introudction
A common problem encountered during document processing is to detect the presense of signatures on them.  So it boils down to a classification problem to sort documents into two categorries - **Signed** and **Unsigned**
This can be accomplished in several ways - Using simple image processing to deep learning.  The candidate is free to use whichever method he sees fit.  The objective of the assignment is to deliver a solution which is capable of distinuguishing between a signed document from an unsigned document.  Since the problem is very generic, we do not expect the candidate to provide a bullet proof solution.  As long as the deliverables illustracte a sound understanding of the fundamentals, it is acceptable

## Structure of Assignment

1. The candidate will be provided with a sample data set (by mail separately) which will contain a mix of signed and unsigned images.  
2. This data set may be used for training.  He/She is free to use additional data which is available free of any licensing issues which she can find from elsewhere.  If this is done, he/she is required to divulge the source of the additional data
3. He/She is required to perform all the required training/coding in one of the following languages/scripts
    1. All development should be done using Python or C/C++ on Linux OS (We prefer Ubuntu 16.04 LTS)
    2. All scripting should be done use shell scripting ( any variations of sh, preferable bash)
4. The submission is expected to self contained - All the codes/scripts required to perform the training and testing additional documents should be part of the submission.  This will also included the following
    1. Detailed instructions of how to set up the libraries for the training set up.  The assignment will be tested on a Ubuntu 16.04 LTS system.
    2. All the system libraries to be installed from the apt sources should be included in a single text files
    3. If any libraries have to be built from source, instruction should be provided with the link to the source as well as the build process
    4. If any python libraries are installed from pypi, then a requirements.txt should be included in the pip format

# Deliverables

1. The candidate is expected to code/script a solution which will use the given data set for training.  All the scripts used for training should be added to the folder ```training``` in the repo
2. The trained model does not have to included since they will be generated by us in the test setup
3. If any additional data was used for peforming the training, then they should be included in the ```resources``` folder (e.g. additional training files obtained from internet)
4. Details of any libraries to be installed with instructions for installation as a markdown document
5. Details for setting up the test set up and how to run the test.  Preferably, the test set up should be a single python file which will accept a single filename as its input and print whether it is signed or not
6. The candidate should fork this repository and commit all his changes to the forked repository.  When the assignment is ready for submission he/she may send a pull request to this repository

# Important Rules
1. You may search to find the right answer.  
2. Copying code which is free of licensing issue is acceptable.  Depending of the significance of the code (e.g. Copying entire code for creating an ANN is significant, while copying code for getting contents of a folder is not) make sure that you attribute.  The attribution is best done as a comment in the code
3. Your are not only going to be evaluated on the final output, but also the quality of your coding.  So write elegant idiomatic code in your lanugage of choice.  Document the code well
4. All the data shared with you, unless explicitly mentioned is confidential and should not be shared with anyone including any public forums.  You are required to delete the data as soon as the assignment is done.  
